---
layout: post
date: '2020-01-29 09:28 -0500'
published: true
explicit: 'no'
title: 1-24-2020-WOLFcon20
---



We are happy to announce our newest session of The Library is Open Podcast! Today’s session features a LIVE interview with Ian Walls, from WOLFcon20 at Texas A&M University. Ian Walls and host, Jessie Zairo, discuss the OLF Community, the current state of FOLIO and Ian's role in the community. 

## About Ian Walls, FOLIO Implementation Lead

Ian earned his MLIS and MS in Computer Science from the University of Rhode Island in 2008. While there, he worked for URI's Web Development Group, implementing blog software, project management software and anti-spam security measures. After that Ian joined ByWater Solutions, supporting hundreds of libraries, developed new features for Koha, and provided on site training for several of the company's partners. Over the last several years Ian has worked as the Web Services and Emerging Technologies Librarian at University of Massachusetts Amherst.

## About WOLFcon 

WOLFcon is an annual conference open to all members of the Open Library Foundation community, and to anyone who wants to learn more about the Foundation and the open source communities that are a part of it.

Read more at: [WOLFcon](https://openlibraryfoundation.org/about/wolfcon/ "WOLFcon")

## About The Open Library Foundation 

The Open Library Foundation was created in 2016 as an unbiased, independent not-for-profit organization to ensure the availability, accessibility and sustainability of open source and open access projects for and by libraries. The Foundation seeks to enable and support collaboration among librarians, technologists, designers, service providers and vendors to share expertise and resources and to create innovative new software and resources that support libraries. We believe that open discourse in a diverse and inclusive community will better identify and characterize challenges and opportunities, and enable paradigm-shifting solutions.

Read more at: [OLF](https://openlibraryfoundation.org/about/ "OLF")

## About ByWater Solutions

ByWater Solutions is a full service, high quality Open Source support and implementation company dedicated to providing libraries with a lower cost, more advanced level of support for their systems than a traditional proprietary solution can offer. ByWater Solutions has a proven track record in first rate implementation and support services with library systems of all sizes for the Koha ILS, Aspen Discovery, Folio LSP, Coral ERM, and Libki PC Management.

Our highly ranked, comprehensive support is what sets our company apart from any other vendor in the industry. Partnering with ByWater Solutions not only lowers the cost of implementation and maintenance of OSS, but more importantly empowers libraries by giving them the flexibility and freedom they deserve. 

For more information please visit: [ByWater Solutions](https://bywatersolutions.com/ "ByWater Solutions")
